[C#] enums concept about.md (#2911)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/concepts/enums/about.md

Users.WithStatus(Status.Active)
```

For someone reading the code, the second version (with enum) will be easier to comprehend.

## Numeric type Enums

> The default numeric type of the values is `int`, it can be changed by explicitly specifying any other [integral numeric][integral numeric] type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the default numeric type of the values is `int`, it can be changed by explicitly specifying any other [integral numeric][integral numeric] type.
```

> An enum can use a `byte` numeric type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following enum use the `byte` numeric type for its values:
```
